CASMINST-6846: Upgrade path clarifications (#4987)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: upgrade/1.4.4/README.md

## Introduction

This document guides an administrator through the patch update to Cray Systems Management `v1.4.4`
from an earlier patch version of CSM `v1.4`. If upgrading from CSM `v1.3.x`,  then follow the procedures
described in [CSM major/minor version upgrade](../README.md#csm-majorminor-version-upgrade) instead.
In the unusual situation of upgrading from a pre-release version of CSM `v1.4.0`, then follow the procedures
described in [CSM major/minor version upgrade](../README.md#csm-majorminor-version-upgrade) instead.

> Also note that there is no need to perform intermediate CSM `v1.4` patch upgrades. Instead,
> consider upgrading to the latest recent CSM `v1.4` patch release. See
> [CSM patch version upgrade](../README.md#csm-patch-version-upgrade) for the full list of patch versions.

Author: ```suggestion
If there are more recent CSM `v1.4` patch versions available, note that there is no need to perform
intermediate CSM `v1.4` patch upgrades. Instead, consider upgrading to the latest CSM `v1.4`
patch release. See [CSM patch version upgrade](../README.md#csm-patch-version-upgrade) for the full
list of patch versions.
```
